Update documentation (#16)
Sage-Bionetworks/agora-data-tools: README.md

*this refactoring of the /agoradatatools was influenced by the "Modern Config Driven ELT Framework for Building a 
Data Lake" talk given at the Data + AI Summit of 2021.

## Trigger pipeline with gh-actions

For the most part, it would be great if this pipeline can be triggered without installing the pipeline and setting up credentials locally.  To support this, we have added support for gh-actions to trigger the workflow.  The `test_config.yaml` will always be executed to ensure the pipeline runs smoothly, but the production release can be triggered by:

1. Go to "Actions" Tab in this GitHub repository
1. Click "production_release" on the left

> 1. Click "Run workflow" (Beware, this will affect the production release!!!)

Reviewer: 0ne minor language adjustment here, since data is never automatically pushed our DBs:
Beware, this will update the files and manifest in the Agora Live Data folder!!!

> 1. Click "Run workflow" (Beware, this will affect the production release!!!)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click "Run workflow" (Beware, this will update the files and manifest in the Agora Live Data folder!!!)
```
